README.md, before:

# Tamagotchi Kata

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata?branch=master)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/572214cdba37ce004309ec41/badge.svg?style=flat)](https://www.versioneye.com/user/projects/572214cdba37ce004309ec41)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/90eda86d06d049be9389427f0e6e2c15)](https://www.codacy.com/app/michael-ruocco/tamagotchi-kata?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

This project is my attempt at the tamagotchi kata exercise that is outlined here:

http://agilekatas.co.uk/katas/Tamagotchi-Kata

The implementation has been developed using TDD and I have tried to keep the code as clean and simple as possible. Feedback and comments are very welcome!

## Running the Tests

You can run the unit tests for this project by running:

```
gradlew clean build
```

Commit message:

updates dependencies and removes old dependency build badge

README.md, after:

# Tamagotchi Kata

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata?branch=master)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/90eda86d06d049be9389427f0e6e2c15)](https://www.codacy.com/app/michael-ruocco/tamagotchi-kata?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=michaelruocco/tamagotchi-kata&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)

This project is my attempt at the tamagotchi kata exercise that is outlined here:

http://agilekatas.co.uk/katas/Tamagotchi-Kata

The implementation has been developed using TDD and I have tried to keep the code as clean and simple as possible. Feedback and comments are very welcome!

## Running the Tests

You can run the unit tests for this project by running:

```
gradlew clean build
```

## Checking dependencies

You can check the current dependencies used by the project to see whether
or not they are currently up to date by running the following command:

```
gradlew dependencyUpdates
```
